== NamedFlow ==

== 6.1. The NamedFlow interface ==

A named flow is created when it becomes referenced by the ‘flow-into’
and/or ‘flow-from’ computed values. The following APIs allow scripts
to reference a NamedFlow object representation of a named flow.

An additional method on the Document interface provide access to named
flows.

partial interface Document {
  NamedFlowCollection getNamedFlows();
};

The getNamedFlows() method on the Document interface returns a static
snapshot of all the current named flows in the document.

The namedFlows collection must include all named flows that are
currently in the CREATED state. The list must not include named flows
that are in the NULL state.

NULL: the user agent must return null.

CREATED: the user agent must return a valid NamedFlow instance.

The NamedFlowCollection interface provides a list of current NamedFlow
instances in the document. The collection is a snapshot of the data.

interface NamedFlowCollection {
  readonly attribute unsigned long length;
  [IndexGetter] NamedFlow? item (unsigned long index);
  [NameGetter] NamedFlow? namedItem (DOMString name);
};

The length attribute returns the number of items in the collection.

The item(index) method returns the NamedFlow instance at index index
in the collection or undefined if index is out of range. An object
collection implementing NamedFlowCollection supports indices in the
range 0 ≤ index < collection.length.

The namedItem(name) method returns the NamedFlow instance in the
collection whose name attribute matches the supplied name, or
undefined if there is no match.

The NamedFlow interface offers a representation of a named flow
instance.

The NamedFlow interface can be used for different purposes. For
example, the getRegionsByContent() method can help navigate by
bookmark: a script can find the regions that display a particular
anchor and bring them to view.

Likewise, the interface allows authors to check if all content has
been fitted into existing regions. If it has, the overset attribute
would be false.

interface NamedFlow : EventTarget {
  readonly attribute DOMString name;
  readonly attribute boolean overset;
  sequence<Region> getRegions();
  readonly attribute integer firstEmptyRegionIndex;
  NodeList getContent();
  sequence<Region> getRegionsByContent(Node node);

};

The name attribute returns the name of the NamedFlow instance.

The overset attribute returns true if there are named flow fragments
that do not fit in the associated region chain. The attribute also
returns true if there is no associated region chain. Otherwise, it
returns false.

The getRegions() method returns the sequence of regions in the region
chain associated with the named flow. Note that the returned values is
a static sequence in document order.

The firstEmptyRegionIndex is the index of the first region in the
region chain with the regionOverset attribute set to empty. If all
regions have the regionOverset attribute set to fit or overset, the
value for firstEmptyRegionIndex is -1. If there are no regions in the
region chain, the value is -1 as well.

The getContent() method returns an ordered collection of nodes that
constitute the named flow. The returned list is a static snapshot of
the named flow content at the time the method is invoked. This list
contains the elements that were moved to the named flow by their
flow-into property but not their descendants (unless the descendants
are themselves moved to the named flow).

The getRegionsByContent() method returns the sequence of regions that
contain at least part of the target content node if it belongs to the
named flow directly (i.e., its ‘flow-into’ computed value is the named
flow) or one of its ancestors belongs to the named flow. Otherwise,
the method returns an empty sequence. The returned value is a static
sequence in document order.

The named flow states are :

NULL: the named flow is not referenced by any ‘flow-into’ or
‘flow-from’ computed value.

CREATED: the named flow is referenced by at least one ‘flow-into’ or
‘flow-from’ computed value.

A NamedFlow object is live: it always represents the named flow with
the corresponding name even if that named flow has transitioned to the
NULL state.

If a script holds a reference to a NamedFlow instance that has entered
the NULL state, its attributes and methods should behave as follows:

the name attribute returns its value as normal.

the overset attribute returns false.

the getRegions method returns an empty sequence.

the firstEmptyRegionIndex attribute returns -1.

the getContent() method returns an empty NodeList instance.

the getRegionsByContent() method retuns an empty sequence.

